Proposal:
For students and young professionals, the process of seeking out internship, thesis or employment opportunities is often a 
time-intensive and painstaking exercise. Some of these individuals are seeking to explore new opportunities, let that be in a 
specific industry, location, or type of organization (university, company, policy-making body, etc.). 
Other students have an idea of where they want to go but struggle with getting the network to connect with someone from 
there even to learn more or discuss an opportunity. Platforms such as LinkedIn offer only rudimentary ways of finding connections 
via your connections, but unfortunately fail to provide the big-picture and cross-connect. 
We face this issue in the energy sector. Recently, a few student and young professional networks in the US, EU, and other regions
have started discussing connecting their contact databases, including student, university, startup, policy-maker, and 
corporate contacts into a more global pool. This would allow, for example, a Brazilian student who is interested in 
learning about the energy transition first-hand in Europe to easily identify the programs at European universities and their 
specializations as well as connect with students who are part of this network to learn more. This would also allow for a 
recent graduate from a fluid dynamics program in the Netherlands, interested in working on R&D in the wind sector, to quickly 
access the wind companies in Europe and connect with members from the same network to learn more about the job opportunities 
at those companies. The alternatives are countless hours spent with Google searching, dead-end emails, and realizations a 
few years in the future when you say "I wish I knew this existed before!" 
This project would be an implementation of a real idea that is currently underway. It would involve first integrating 
the databases of contacts form 3+ such networks of 50+ people across several continents and cleaning out the data based 
on the critical parameters. Next, it would have a visualization (map, discipline, other) that would allow for intuitive 
searching based on certain dimensions (industry, location, type of organization). Another potential add-on could be a 
machine learning function where a person could receive recommendations based on their profile or recent search history on 
what could be a fitting match for them OR receive a notification when a new member joins the network who may be of interest to them.
